Welcome to the next section of our course.
And in this section we are going to talk about Olama and how we can make use of this Olama for building
a large language model based application using our local large language model.
So we are going to use this Olama as the as the medium to build our large language model based application
using long chain with the local large language model.
So this is what is the power of this olama itself.
And I'm going to quickly show you how these things are going to work behind the scene.
So if you just go to the Olama comm website over here, this is the page which I'm talking about, or
this is the application that I'm talking about, which is going to be helpful for you to run the large
language models locally within your own machine.
So if you have a mac OS or Linux or Windows, you can just go ahead and download this particular application
within your machine, and then you can start using all the models within your machine.
That is amazing, right?
You don't really have to sign up with the OpenAI's API to call an API for accessing the large language
models, like how you usually do by paying so much of money, those things are not even required.
So if you just go to the Openai.com and if you just go to their API platform over here, you see that
there is this API login comes in.
So if you just go and hit this API login, I have already signed up for this particular OpenAI login
over here.
I mean you can see there are some pricings available.
So for every single, uh, model that you use with their signed up, uh, models API, you're going
to be paying this much money for these many input that you're going to be entering, like for 1 million
tokens.
These are things that these are the money that you have to pay for these particular large language models
while you're going to use that, if it is hosted in their own platform like OpenAI platform or Cloud
Anthropic Platform or Google Gemini platform.
So you have to sign up and you have to pay money to them.
But if you're going to be building a large language model application, and if you don't want to spend
these many money, then you can just host, or maybe just can run your large language model within your
local machine itself.
And that is the power of this particular olama, because it will let you do that for you.
So I have already downloaded the Olama within my local machine in my Mac operating system.
So it is very, very easy for me to just start using it.
I mean, it's very straightforward.
Just go ahead and click this download based on your operating system.
The download is going to happen for you.
And because I am using Mac OS, I can go and click this one.
If you're going to use Linux or Windows, just go ahead and select the relevant operating system and
download the tools that you're looking for.
And finally the models.
This is the most important part over here.
If you just go to the models over there, this particular models that you are seeing over here are all
the models, like the full blown models available within the Olama site itself.
So you can use a deep seek R1 or llama three dot 3 or 4, or llama three R2 and Mistral Q1 Q1 2.5.
You see that all the models that you name it, it's available over here.
And most importantly, you can also see that there are options where you can just select specific model
which has specific for embedding or vision or even tool support.
So if you have any of the agents that you're going to be building, and then if you wanted to use the
model for tool support, you can use that as well.
Guys, you see that 3.3 70 billion parameter has got the tool support model over here which is amazing.
You can use that as well.
And if I'm going to use this deep one, the most popular model to date is going to be very, very straightforward
as well.
You can choose a specific billion parameter.
And then you can start working with this particular model as well.
If you're going to be using this model for building your local large language model applications.
So that is about the Obama for you.
And I have already downloaded it and I have already installed it.
So please go ahead and install it before our next lecture because we are going to start using it from
our next lecture.